docs: add publication page documentation (#70)
graasp/docs: docs/user/publication/index.md

# Publish to the Graasp Library

Collaboration is at the heart of Graasp. Our shared library fosters a vibrant community of educators and professionals. Easily share and access content, co-create materials and connect with other educators to amplify knowledge sharing and collective learning experiences.

Sharing content is more than just a gesture; it's the driving force behind educational innovation. When educators openly share their resources, lesson plans and best practices, they empower each other to grow and thrive. This collaborative spirit allows teachers to learn from different perspectives and adapt existing materials to meet the unique needs of their students.

> The Graasp Shared Library provides a secure and accessible platform where educators can seamlessly contribute to a growing repository of knowledge. By removing the barriers to sharing, we enable collective expertise to flourish, allowing educators to spend less time reinventing the wheel and more time focusing on what really matters: inspiring and educating the next generation.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what more these 2 paragraphs explain. If you want to highlight some keywords (sharing, collaborating, improve?) Maybe you can have those keywords at the beginning of the sentence, and the sentence will "explain" the keyword.

Author: I tried to introduce the library… I merged in one paragraph, I don’t know if it’s okay like that.

![Graasp Library](graap_library.jpeg)

## How Can I Publish My Content?

> To publish a content in the Library, open the content folder you wish to publish in the builder and click on the publication page button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a content in the Library, open the content folder you wish to publish in Graasp Builder and click on the publication page button.
```

![How to open the publication page](open_publish_settings.jpeg)

Now that the publication page is open, follow the rest of the documentation.

:::warning
Only folders can be published in the Graasp Library. It's also important to note that all the content inside a folder will be published too.
:::

### Publication Page

The publication page allows you to edit your current item (if the item has children, you need to open the publication page for each item) and visualize how it will be rendered in the library.

On a large screen, such as a computer, the publication page is divided into two parts. You can find the preview of the publication on the left and the publication's status on the right.

![Example of the publication page](publication_page.jpeg)

The preview allows you to edit the item's data, such as its title, description, thumbnail, or tags, for example, and these are displayed similarly to how they appear in the Library.

> On the right side, the publication status section lets you know if the item is published. This section is also where you can trigger the publication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right side, the publication status section lets you know if the item is published. This section is also where you can publish your collection.
```

### Why Are There Warnings?

If you open the publication page of an unedited item, you will see many warnings next to the item's data (like the description, the thumbnail, etc.).

![An empty item displays many warnings](empty_publish_settings_page.jpeg)

> These warnings help you improve your publication to increase its visibility in the library. To get more information, hover the mouse over the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These warnings highlight missing data. Filling those fields will improve the visibility of your your publication in the library. To get more information, hover the mouse over the warning.
```

![Get more information by hovering over a warning](warning_tooltip.png)

> When you have completed all the fields, you should no longer see any warnings. Your content is then ready to be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you complete all the fields, you should no longer see any warnings. Your content is then ready to be published.
```

:::note

> You can publish your content even if there are still some warnings, but we encourage you to try to complete all the fields (in all the elements of your content, not just in the root folder) to maximise visibility in the Graasp Library, and to increase the chances that other people will use your content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish your content even if there are still some warnings, but we encourage you to try to complete all the fields (also in all the elements of your content) to maximise visibility in the Graasp Library, and to increase the chances that other people will use your content.
```

:::

### Publish Your Content

> When you are ready, click the `Publish` button to trigger the publication process. It is important to understand that your folder and all its children will be visible to anyone at the end of this process. If your folder is private, the following modal will be displayed, asking you to change its visibility to public. This change will only happen at the end of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, click the `Publish` button to start publishing your collection. It is important to understand that your folder and all its content will be visible to anyone at the end of this process. If your folder is private, the following modal will be displayed, asking you to change its visibility to public. 
```

![Change the item's visibility](make_it_public.jpeg)

> At the moment you trigger a publication, it will have to be validated and then published. This may take a few moments depending on the number of elements. You'll see a "Pending" status while your content is being validated. If you don't see an update soon, try refreshing the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you click on the `Publish` button, the collection will first go through an approval process. This may take a few moments depending on the number of elements. You'll see a "Pending" status while your content is being validated. If you don't see an update soon, try refreshing the page.
```

Reviewer: Maybe "If you don't see an update soon, try refreshing the page." should go in a warning paragraph.

![The publication is pending](publication_pending.jpeg)

:::note

> We want to make sure that our library is a safe and enjoyable place for everyone. That's why we use AI to check all published content, including yours. We try to respect your privacy as much as possible, but we can understand if you don't want to share your data with AI. Unfortunately, if you prefer not to have your content checked by AI, you will not be able to share it in the library for the moment.

Reviewer: Is it the case already? I believe that AI we host is still okay, it is less okay if you send data to a third service.

Author: No you are right, for now it’s not the case… maybe I will explain how it is now…

:::

Once your content is approved, it will be published in the Library. You'll see a confirmation message when this happens. If the status stays "Pending" for a while, just refresh the page.

![The publication was successful](publication_succeed.jpeg)

We want to ensure the Library is a safe and appropriate space for everyone. If your content contains violence or sexually explicit material, it won't be published. You're welcome to revise and resubmit content that aligns with our guidelines. Don't hesitate to contact us at admin@graasp.org if you believe your content is legitimate.

![The publication has failed](publication_failed.jpeg)

### Unpublish Your Content

> If for any reason, you would like to remove your content from the Graasp Library, you simply click the `Unpublish` button to achieve this action. Your content will then no longer be available in the Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for any reason, you would like to remove your content from the Graasp Library, click on the `Unpublish` button to achieve this action. Your content will then no longer be available in the Library.
```

:::warning
You will still need to change the visibility to `private` in the item's settings if you want to restrict access. Unpublishing your content will only remove it from the library; its visibility will remain public.
:::

### Viewing Your Content in the Library

The easiest way to view your published content is by clicking the `View on Graasp Library` button. This will redirect you directly to your content in the Library.

![Published content in the Library](published_content_library.jpeg)

> Thank you for following this tutorial to the end. Find out more about Graasp by reading the other tutorials available in this user documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Find out more about Graasp by reading the other tutorials available in this user documentation.
```

# Publish to the Graasp Library

Collaboration is the cornerstone of the Graasp Library, where educators and professionals come together to share, co-create and learn. By fostering a vibrant community around a shared library of resources, Graasp enables educators to access, adapt and develop collective knowledge. This shared platform allows to focus on innovation rather than reinventing the wheel, ultimately improving students' learning experiences.

![Graasp Library](graap_library.jpeg)

## How Can I Publish My Content?

> To publish a content in the Graasp Library, open the content folder you wish to publish in the Graasp Builder and click on the publication page button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a content in the Graasp Library, open in the Graasp Builder the content folder you wish to publish and click on the publication page button.
```

![How to open the publication page](open_publish_settings.jpeg)

Now that the publication page is open, follow the rest of the documentation.

:::warning
Only folders can be published in the Graasp Library. It's also important to note that all the content inside a folder will be published too.
:::

### Publication Page

> The publication page allows you to edit your current item (if the item has children, you need to open the publication page for each item) and visualize how it will be rendered in the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The publication page allows you to edit your current item (if the item has subcontent, you need to open the publication page for each item) and visualize how it will be rendered in the library.
```

On a large screen, such as a computer, the publication page is divided into two parts. You can find the preview of the publication on the left and the publication's status on the right.

![Example of the publication page](publication_page.jpeg)

> The preview allows you to edit the item's data, such as its title, description, thumbnail, or tags, for example, and these are displayed similarly to how they appear in the Graasp Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview section allows you to edit the item's data, such as its title, description, thumbnail, or tags, for example, and these are displayed similarly to how they appear in the Graasp Library.
```

On the right side, the publication status section lets you know if the item is published. This section is also where you can publish your collection.

### Why Are There Warnings?

> If you open the publication page of an unedited item, you will see many warnings next to the item's data (like the description, the thumbnail, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you open the publication page of an item for the first time, you might see many warnings next to the item's data (like the description, the thumbnail, etc.).
```

![An empty item displays many warnings](empty_publish_settings_page.jpeg)

> These warnings highlight missing data. Filling those fields will improve the visibility of your collection in the Graasp Library. To get more information, hover the mouse over the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These warnings highlight missing data. Filling those fields will improve the visibility of your collection in the Graasp Library. To get more information, hover the warning with the mouse.
```

![Get more information by hovering over a warning](warning_tooltip.png)

Once you complete all the fields, you should no longer see any warnings. Your content is then ready to be published.

:::note
You can publish your content even if there are still some warnings, but we encourage you to try to complete all the fields (also in all the elements of your content, not just in the root folder) to maximise visibility in the Graasp Library, and to increase the chances that other people will use your content.
:::

### Publish Your Content

> When you are ready, click the `Publish` button to start publishing your collection. It is important to understand that your folder and all its content will be visible to anyone at the end of this process. If your folder is private, the following modal will be displayed, asking you to change its visibility to public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, click the `Publish` button to start publishing your collection. It is important to understand that your folder and all its content will be visible to anyone at the end of this process. If your folder is *private*, the following modal will be displayed, asking you to change its visibility to *public*.
```

![Change the item's visibility](make_it_public.jpeg)

> Once you click on the `Publish` button, the collection will first go through an approval process. This may take a few moments depending on the number of elements. You'll see a "Pending" status while your content is being validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you click on the `Publish` button, the collection will first go through an approval process. This may take a few moments depending on the content. You'll see a "Pending" status while your content is being validated.
```

:::info
If you don't see an update soon, try to refresh the page.
:::

![The publication is pending](publication_pending.jpeg)

:::note
We want to make sure that our library is a safe and enjoyable place for everyone. That's why we use AI to check all published content, including yours. We try to respect your privacy as much as possible, using local models. This means that we do not share your private data with any third party. If this should change, we will inform you.
:::

Once your content is approved, it will be published in the Graasp Library. You'll see a confirmation message when this happens.

:::info

> If the status stays "Pending" for a while, just refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the status is stuck on "Pending" for a while, just refresh the page.
```

:::

![The publication was successful](publication_succeed.jpeg)

> We want to ensure the Graasp Library is a safe and appropriate space for everyone. If your content contains violence or sexually explicit material, it won't be published. You're welcome to revise and resubmit content that aligns with our guidelines. Don't hesitate to contact us at admin@graasp.org if you believe your content is legitimate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to ensure Graasp Library is a safe and appropriate space for everyone. If your content contains violence or sexually explicit material, it won't be published. You're welcome to revise and resubmit content that aligns with our guidelines. Don't hesitate to contact us at admin@graasp.org if you believe your content is legitimate.
```

![The publication has failed](publication_failed.jpeg)

### Unpublish Your Content

> If for any reason, you would like to remove your content from the Graasp Library, click on the `Unpublish` button to achieve this action. Your content will then no longer be available in the Graasp Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for any reason, you would like to remove your content from Graasp Library, click on the `Unpublish` button to achieve this action. Your content will then no longer be available in Graasp Library.
```

:::warning
You will still need to change the visibility to `private` in the item's settings if you want to restrict access. Unpublishing your content will only remove it from the library; its visibility will remain public.
:::

### Viewing Your Content in the Library

> The easiest way to view your published content is by clicking the `View on Graasp Library` button. This will redirect you directly to your content in the Graasp Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to view your published content is by clicking the `View on Graasp Library` button. This will redirect you directly to your content in Graasp Library.
```
